# HX2003's Project Portfolio Page
## Project: CardCollector
CardCollector is a lightweight command-line application for trading card enthusiasts to manage their collections quickly and efficiently.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

- **New Feature**: Added the ability to view a sorted list of cards
  - What it does: allows the user to view a list of cards sorted by various criteria,
  such as index, name, quantity, price, etc.
  - Justification: improves the product significantly because it makes it convenient for user
  to quickly view cards with the most desired attributes.

- **New Feature**: Added the ability to view a historical audit log changes made to cards
  - What it does: whenever a card is added, modified, or removed, the changes are appended to the history.
  - Justification: improves the product significantly because the user may want to see past records.
  For example, when a card has been removed from the list, the user might want to see the price it was.
  Or when the user added note in the past, and wants to revisit it.
  - Highlights: this enhancement heavily interacts existing commands which modify the state of the cards,
  care was taken to ensure that the history was corrected recorded.

- **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2526-s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=hx2003)

- **Documentation**:
  - User Guide: Added documentation for the features `list` and `history`
  - Developer Guide: Added documentation for the features `list`, `history`, and the classes `Disambiguator`